Business Plan

Mission Statement:
 MMenus provides resturaunt owners and chefs a tool to easily update their menus and make them accessible to customers.

Concept:
  MMenus is a Software as a Service product that comprises of:

  1) Service Widget: Software on a resturaunt website that detects a mobile visitor and provides a navigation overlay to common user tasks, mapping a location, calling a phone and accessing menus managed by the second element.

  2) Menu Management: Software which handles the content of a menu which consists of pictures, names, prices, categories (Appetizers, Entrees, etc) and descriptions. These can be updated on a secure website, or through regular email updates to the menu. Menus will always be available as a website, or as a JSON data stream.

  3) Mobile Phone Application: Provides a second entry point to the menus, allowing users to search by cuisine, location, menu items, resturaunt name or proximity.

Opportunities:
  There is no comprehensive menu management software which targets mobile audiences. This is timely and can be quickly executed within a matter of months.

  Consumer experience of resturaunt websites, especially menus and mobile phones, is universally poor. Providing a high-quality, mobile menu that can be easily updated provides a distinguishing element for a resturaunt owner to stand out to a discerning consumer.

Disadvantages:
  - Enabling the Service Widget will involve working with a third party to place the widget on a resturaunt website.
  - The application will need to have users and menus to be useful. Users won't sign up unless there are menus, and resturaunt owners won't sign up unless there are users. This mandates an intermediate step, proving the utility of the concept and building traction amongst users and owners.

Project Plan

Stage 1:
Complete Data Service
Inputs: Email, CRM

Stage 2:
Basic Product
Outputs: Mobile Websites, JSON
Touchpoints: QR Code, Resturaunt Website (via widget)

Stage 3:
Enhanced Customer Experience
Application for Android and iOS
Touchpoints: QR Code, Resturaunt Website, App

Pricing Tiers
Menu hosting / In app - $9 / month
(Widget Based) Website redirect - $25 / month
Email updates - +5 / month

Questions
How to determine fair price?
What point do I bring this to owners?
What sort of accounting should I do?
LLC? Sole-prop?

